Readme
Hello! I welcome you to this, the automated search engine help document.
In this readme, I will try to explain how it works, what it does and what it could be used for.
Before starting, I would like to thank Gerardo Késsler, since the original search engine code is his, as well as the manual for this powerful language.
His website is: https://reaperyotrasyerbas.com/index.php
It has many interesting things, I suggest to see it!

Explanation of the program:
With this program you can facilitate searches on different websites used by the vast majority of people in the digital age.
This is used to search web domains used all over the world without first opening the browser and with simple commands.

Technical explanation:
When you run the program, you will be greeted with a sapi voice, indicating the main shortcuts, which are to open the menu, exit the program and read the help, that is, this document).
The search engine will remain running in the background waiting for a keyboard shortcut. If it is to open the menu, the list of available websites will be displayed and, once the one you want is chosen, the text box Where our search will go will open. When giving enter, our default browser will open, with the web in question, the search and results, if any.

Warning:
Some websites contain adult content, use at your own risk and discretion.
Rayoscompani is not responsible for any damages that it may have or how it may affect you.

Available Websites:
At the moment these are the websites that we have available, but if you want to add one, or send a suggestion, you can do so at: rayoalcantar@gmail.com
1. xnxx.com.
2. pornhub.com.
3. youtube.com.
4. google.com.
5. free market Mexico.
6. amazon Mexico.
7. amazon Spain.
8. amazon.com.
9. free market Argentina.
10. facebook (you need to have an open session in the browser).
11. twitter (you need to have an open session in the browser).
12. bing.
13. spotify (you need to have an open session in the browser).
14. netflix (you need to have an open session in the browser).
15. NVDA in Spanish.
16. Github.
17. SoundCloud.

Keyboard shortcuts:
Control + alt + m:
Open the menu.
Control + shift + h:
Open this document.
Control + shift + q:
Close the program.

Changes:
added auto-updater, which means that if there is a new version it will automatically download it without the need for the browser.
Added multilingual and English language support. The program is still written in Spanish as it always has been.
Github was moved, a site was added, and bugs were fixed.
The sites were organized by category, thanks to Mateo Cedillo.
2 more sites were added.
We have an updater, thanks to Gera Késsler.
The code was optimized, thanks to Gera, this includes command removal, now everything will be with the submenu.
A menu was added to choose the place of the search.
NVDA.es website added
Now adult websites will open in an incognito tab, or in private, on edge.
The netflix and spotify websites were added.


Version: 1.6
Author: rayoscompani.
Mail: rayoalcantar@gmail.com
Website: http: //rayoscompani.260mb.net
Twitter: @rayoalcantar
Repository: github.com/rayo-alcantar/buscadorrayoscompani